Week 3 Reflection
The first problem focuses on drawing a diamond and was the one I initially struggled with the most. My code was successful in drawing a diamond. I first found the middle of the diamond and then created a for loop for the top half of the diamond and an additional for loop for the bottom half. The for loop for the top half of the diamond will start at the top and end at the halfway point and the for loop for the bottom half will start after the halfway point to the bottom based on the inputted value. Comparing my answers to the corrected version, the corrected version uses a similar approach. However, I noticed the corrected version took account of even heights. If an even height is inputted the code will still run by reducing the amount by 1 to make it even. My code does not take this into account,therefore it would not create a diamond if an even height was inputted. The second problem focused on drawing a right triangle. Something I need to improve on in all of the problems that I noticed is using type hints. For example, in the corrected code, one of the type hints provided was that the height has to be an integer. This makes it easier for other people to know what type of data must be used. This is something I need to work on continuously for my next code. Furthermore, I have progressed from before by starting to use comments. Although, I noticed in the corrected code for drawing a hollow square the comments were more descriptive than my own. Creating descriptive comments and knowing when they should be appropriately placed is still something I need to continue. 